hey people here because she says times with
a short intro video to diablo 3
I got one last night
My buddy has information per us
redbook posts that blizzard that
complete auction house so both the
real money auction house and the gold
Remove auction to house from the game
would like to reason with that yes
that's more in the game
when monster is about to knock and
cool things to find instead
instead of always in the auction house around
collect and look for items
yes my opinion or the comments
I do not quite understand that
many people are happy a few
people so many people are happy
stop that the auction house come out
the real money auction house comes out and
are the opinion that thus the itself
whole game changed so believe in themselves
I just because not because only because
diablo 3 then the real money or
regardless of whether it is real money or gold
because there is no auction house there anymore
that does not matter that does not matter
difference
only now we have that again
effect that people stop then
external platforms act that we
will then be up again without end items
ebay we will find
or people use such pages
like luther or my side i
have made
ludweiler point net to your items to
trade for me it is or for such
Of course, this is natural, of course
positive that then blizzard the real money
or the gold auction house out again
skin because of course because of such
benefit from it
Of course, it gets paid because
People still want their items
train
So that's not really for me
I guess so personally I think that
that absolutely nothing brings this
gold auction house real money auction house
close
I think that's it too
another, the people must again
unsafe or
especially when it comes to real money opponents
if people then on ebay their items
buy or sell and then stop
maybe even decided
that was actually my opinion
after over the blizzard auction house
Reliably solved now well so
I do not think it's a big upgrade
is not a big change and yes me
I would be interested in what your
opinion is am not so listen now
now is not like the others when all
I look at the comments below
read through then keep relative therefore
many of these many people these
decision I can not understand
current
well, ok, yes, I wanted you again
Let's get rid of you shortly this evening
tell
come now even actively rare to
to make video I have to look like
I can do it because I'm up to date
So a lot of work does not have to work
on the pc but work properly
it is also right work here
yes not so stored here we see
us on a live streamings i know
now it's time to get hatun
continue to gamble until then your macedo